# yarayassine.github.io

This assignment. 
Project 2 - Outside the Grid. Unit 11056 - Front-End web design. 

Just when I had thought that maybe the first assignment was harder I started this assignment. For someone that finds this type of stuff harder than usual the assignmnet outline was super hard to understand but that is on me, I tend to find some things hard to figure out. Such as this whole assignent, using the template was actually quite nice but there were quite a few moments where either my posts were not showing up, my moral died along with the process of the website. The topic I chose for this was easy, a little narcissistic but I chose myself, easy to write and I didn't had to do any research for it, the blog posts were personal and it was really all about me. The layout was good and there really wasn't much that I wanted to change, I enjoyed it all and all I really needed and wanted to do was change the name, title, blog posts, avatar and the about me. I added my posts and edited some of the css and htmls. I don't actually know if I even did any of this assignent correctly as I used both the html and the markdowns, I was also not sure what files to delete what files to keep as I was so afraid that things would go terribly wrong. Couldn't figure out how to delete some of the things of the nabv bar but decided that keeping it and losing marks on it would be easier than attempting to delete it and runing the entire website and failing as I would've no longer had a website. Honestly I probably should have edited a lot more things and tried to show what I was capible to do but honestly I liked it the way it was and I also am not very good at coding so my capabilities only really go so far. I could have been a lot more creative but was just unable to get what I had originally wanted down on github, I should have used html and css more but just could not figure it out for the life of me, my production process was full of stress and a lack of understanding, my approach was to just try my best to get somethig done even if I am not exactly proud or happy with what I have produced. All in all a lot could be better and a lot could be worse, after this unit I appreciate people that code evrything more and more everyday. 

All credits belong to Daattali/Beautiful-Jekyll. 
