---
layout: post
title: Inspiration
subtitle: Who and what inspires me
comments: true
---


**People**

Growing up I always found that multiple things inspire me, a lot of trivial or tangible items like flowers, the sky, famous people the whole lot of it. I used to be inspired a lot by celebrities and youtubers and all the people that enjoy their lives to the extreme only because they looked like they were having fun. I still do get inspired by them but for different reasons now I guess, they do what they want, they enjoy their lives but at the same time making other people enjoy it. Some influencers do things that make their viewers happy and make them excited to watch whatever they have comming up next, and I wont say they have perfect lives because no one does but making people happy and inspired is something that I always wanted to make people feel. 

Being very family oriented I always looked up to my immediate family, inspired to be like them and every single one of them became my role models. My mum and dad made the decision to move and pick up their lives for the safety of their kids and theselves, they came with barely anything and pushed through to make a great life for us. My mum is one of the most kindhearted, most welcoming and loving people anyone will ever have the pleasure to meet, she shows me constatly what it's like to feel loved and the support she gives her husband and kids is amazing. She pushes through every hardship, every loss and every challenge with grace and beauty and she never lets it push her down, and if she does fall she gets back up and tries harder, for me she is determination, love and care. My dad is one of the smartest people I have ever met in my life, he knows everything and anything from computer stuff to art stuff, hes strong and also pushes through everythig with an amazing amount of power and strength. He does everything and anything for this family and our family back home, he makes the big and hard decisions and constantly ups himself and does his best in absolutely everything ever, to me he is strength, power and intellegent.

Now my sister is my bestfriend, my biggest role model, the main person who pushes me to be the best me, I always wanted to be like her growing up. She is the ultimate mix of my mum and my dad, she is everything they are and more, she backs and supports me more than anyone I know, she works so hard and loves just as hard. Gives the best advice and just knows exactly what things people need or what they need to hear. She is independant and amazing and the best inspiration I have ever had. There is so much I could say about her but there is more of a way to express it than share and say it, She is helpful, amazing and she is the example of who to be. 

I appreciate and love every single person in my family, the closest people to me and my main inspirations. 
